I miss this kind of life, come on
Hey Nian Nian
Don't be angry, okay?
You know.
I only like you. I don't know.
Mom is still mad at Dad
I heard from Xiaopang today
The old oligarch in the village has a daughter-in-law
It's just that two people always quarrel
The old oligarch pissed off his wife
No more wife
You said dad always makes mom angry
Will we be without a mother?
No, I don't want mom to go
No mom won't go
It's all my fault for being so healthy
If I get sick at random
Mom won't leave no matter how angry she is
Don't worry about it.
Who says there is no way?
Tingting, oops, slow down.
I can hardly catch up with you.
What are you doing slowly?
Are you waiting to see that missing face?
Tingting misses your sister-in-law
What if you're not happy?
It's better to make yourself feel better
To please him
To please him he hit my brother-in-law
Sent the Li family and my mother-in-law to prison again
I can't wait to beat him.
I will go to please him
Tingting, you are wronged.
Sister Yu, if you marry my brother
Will you be good to me?
Silly girl
I'll be nice to you even if I don't marry your brother
In my heart, you have always been my sister.
You are so kind
Only someone like you deserves to marry my brother
No way.
I must find a way to drive that missing away